- This program is intended to be kind of like a virtual avatar maker,
allowing users to create their own virtual snowmen that they can share with
anyone on the Web.
- The API stores the choices that the user picks from the dropdown menus
that determine the look of their virtual snowman, including its hat, eyes,
nose, and arms. I also plan to add a scarf option later on with a color that
can be picked from a slider or something. The snowman must also have a name.
- The prototype has the basic API complete, as it's mostly the same as API
Assignment 2 with some more variables. It also shows a blank snowman when
asked for the API data, and the dropdown menus work like the ones that
determine the HEAD requests.
- I plan to have the snowman appear differently based on what the API data
contains. For example, if the user selected a carrot nose, the snowman avatar
would have a nose that resembled a carrot. Additionally, if there are multiple
snowmen stored in the API, I'd want either a pair of buttons or a dropdown
menu that lets users scroll through all of the snowman designs stored in the
API. Finally, I would want to change "getUsers" (now getSnowmen) so that it
displays the snowman based on the values stored in the API rather than the
raw API data like it does now.
- My "above and beyond" ideas include background music, more options to make
the snowmen unique, enhanced visuals, an embedded font that I have in the
files but failed to implement in the prototype, and a random option for each
snowman piece. I doubt that I'll be able to implement all of them in the
alloted time, though.
- I got the canvas code that draws the blank snowman from Codeburst, and
some of the code in style/css comes from W3Schools, my HTML/CSS/Javascript
tutorial site of choice.

Endpoint URL: https://sam-deniz-project-1.herokuapp.com/getSnowmen
Supports: GET, HEAD
Query params: name (identifies snowman), hat, nose, eye, arm (the different
options that are selected for the snowman)
Description: This endpoint contains the different pieces of the snowman
that the user selected on the main page.
Return type: JSON